Release 2.15.0rc3 citation.cff and changelog (#3142)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: doc/changelog.rst

      :ref:`extra facets <config-extra-facets>` for the CORDEX project to make
      it permanent). Refer to :ref:`cordex_datasets` for additional information.

-  Remove configuration option ``extra_facets_dir`` and do not read extra facets from  ``~/.esmvaltool/extra_facets/`` (:pull:`3137`) by :user:`schlunma`

>    .. admonition:: Extra facets information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. admonition:: Upgrade instructions
```

      If you have defined extra facets, please move them to

>       the new configuration system as described in :ref:`config-extra-facets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the new configuration system as described in the 
      `corresponding pull request <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/pull/3137#backward-incompatible>`__.
```
